README.md, before:

# Projects
Repository of past academic and recreational projects

Source Code folder contains copies of the files that were created by myself or team members (if applicable) of the different projects within this repository. Excludes Visual Studio project or NuGet package files.

AU ACM Site - An incomplete version from the Augusta University Web Development Team's project for a website for the ACM Chapter. Worked on primarily by approximately 4 students.
Implementation:
MVC Web API
Backend - C# and MS SQL
Frontend - AngularJS Framework
ORM - EntityFramework

Console Chess - A simple console application that runs a game of chess. Intended for two users at the same keybaord. 
Takes in Chess Notation as input and displays a representation of the state of the board on the console.
Implemented in C#
Created around Summer of 2016


Software Engineering Project - Final project for my Software Engineering class.
Concept was to create an application for a Car Rental company as a desktop application.
Included detailed RAD documentation and limited to four primary functionalities to simplify documentation.
Implemented with C# Windows Forms.
Created in Fall of 2017


CapstoneProject - A web-based application for my Spring 2018 Capstone class.
Concept was to create an Emergency Response System that implemented a responsive map.
Alerts were to be sent out from a location selected on the map and a given radius to a list of contacts
maintained by the application. Alerts and contacts were stored in a database. Alerts could be updated or resolved, sending out
new notifications to the list of contacts previously notified by the alert.
Notifications could be sent as either emails or text messages.

Implementation:
MVC Web API
Backend - C# and MS SQL
Frontend - AngularJS Framework
ORM - EntityFramework

Rimworld Mod - A mod for an Indie game called Rimworld. Implemented functionalities to the game's stockpiles that allowed them to act similar to either a cache or a buffer. The mod builds off of another mod that patches into the base game's code during runtime to modify function return values before or after the original code is run.
Implemented in C#

Commit message:

cleanup. added http server python project

README.md, after:

# Projects
Repository of past academic and recreational projects

Source Code folder contains copies of the files that were created by myself or team members (if applicable) of the different projects within this repository. Excludes Visual Studio project or NuGet package files.

Console Chess - A simple console application that runs a game of chess. Intended for two users at the same keybaord. 
Takes in Chess Notation as input and displays a representation of the state of the board on the console.
Implemented in C#
Created around Summer of 2016


Software Engineering Project - Final project for my Software Engineering class.
Concept was to create an application for a Car Rental company as a desktop application.
Included detailed RAD documentation and limited to four primary functionalities to simplify documentation.
Implemented with C# Windows Forms.
Created in Fall of 2017


CapstoneProject - A web-based application for my Spring 2018 Capstone class.
Concept was to create an Emergency Response System that implemented a responsive map.
Alerts were to be sent out from a location selected on the map and a given radius to a list of contacts
maintained by the application. Alerts and contacts were stored in a database. Alerts could be updated or resolved, sending out
new notifications to the list of contacts previously notified by the alert.
Notifications could be sent as either emails or text messages.

Implementation:
MVC Web API
Backend - C# and MS SQL
Frontend - AngularJS Framework
ORM - EntityFramework

Rimworld Mod - A mod for an Indie game called Rimworld. Implemented functionalities to the game's stockpiles that allowed them to act similar to either a cache or a buffer. The mod builds off of another mod that patches into the base game's code during runtime to modify function return values before or after the original code is run.
Implemented in C#

Barebones HTTP Server - An exploration into how an HTTP Web Server functions as well as the structure and meaning of HTTP requests and responses.
Implemented using Python sockets. Handles GET and POST requests for HTML and PHP files.
